Oh, my God.
If ancient humans could see practically an entire society standing outside in a
line of a Walmart on black Friday, they would probably crap their pants.
And PKE in their mouths at the exact same time,
because you know what they'd wanna give you for a gift,
whether it be for Christmas or a birthday or for anything fricking wisdom,
cuz clearly our society is freaking sick.
And if you wanna know what the gift is, I have it right in my hand,
you can get it for $3 and 99 cents.
And that is the Dow a Chan. Now hold on. If you're thinking, oh,
this video is not for me. Wait a second. I'm giving you fricking pearls here.
In fact, let me just dive into this and share a few examples here,
cuz there's super quick. You need to know this. Isn't just a book.
It's a 81 chapters and each chapter's less than a page long. In fact,
most are even just a sentence or a couple sentences long. And just to clarify,
before I dive into this Dow Aing means the way or the book of the way.
I have a couple videos in this.
Most of my subscribers haven't even seen them or heard of the Dow Aing so you
may have you seen those other videos. You here the same things over again,
probably, but here we go. Paradoxal truth.
Nothing is general than water yet. Nothing can withstand its force. Likewise,
nothing compares to the Dow by it. The weak defeat, the strong,
the flexible conquer, the rigid. Everyone knows this to be true.
Yet few put it into practice. Priests are often the worst sinner.
Government officers are often the worst criminals.
The truth is often paradoxal like holy crap. How, how true is that?
People haven't changed. Have they? Here's a great one.
Ignorance to know that there are some things that you cannot know is mental
health to not know things that you should know is illness.
The one Iceman recognizes that there are limits to his knowledge.
The foolish man thinks he knows everything like wow,
our society is rampant with that too. Right? This is why this is a,
a gift that you should give to anyone.
Whether it be a kid because they might not have any interest in it today,
but it'll be on their bookshelf. And even years down the road,
they'll pick it up at the right time. The same goes for anyone, buy this people,
even who you think just won't be into it, tell 'em to hold onto it.
And by the way, this is like the best coffee table book ever.
It's one of those things,
you just leave it laying around and you pick it up at the right time and you
look through it and it makes you think about things that actually matter.
So how about immateriality that's an important one. A wheel may have 30 spokes,
but it's usefulness lies in the empty hub. A jar is form from clay,
but its usefulness lies in the empty center. A room is made from four walls,
but its usefulness lies in the space between in the same way matter is
necessary to give form.
But the value of reality lies in immateriality.
That is everything that lives has a physical body,
but the value of life is measured by the soul, right guys,
it doesn't matter who you are, what you look like, what your capabilities are.
It's about content of character. Am I wrong?
And speaking of content of character, what do the ancients say about integrity,
which is better fame or integrity,
which is more valuable riches or good character,
which is more dangerous success or loss over indulgence creates
waste, hoarding invites loss.
The man who is content with what he has is not in danger of loss.
The man who knows when to stop is free to go on.
And this ties into the ying and yang, which they also talk about,
which is there are some things which it is a gain to lose and a loss to gain.
Think about that. So lastly, let's wrap this up with the very last one in here,
which is called true words.
True words are often unpleasant pleasant words are often untrue.
Those who know the truth, do not argue those who argue, do not know the truth.
Scholars are seldom. The wisest men wise, men are seldom scholars.
Those who steal from others, impoverished themselves.
Those who give to others become rich. Those who fight do not win. Those who win,
do not fight. This is the way of the Dow. Now again,
there's 81 passages or chapters and I just read five and there's so many others
that are so awesome. And they tie into so many different things,
whether it's the desire for power force, war materialism,
it's something that every leader in the world should be required to read.
But again, it's something that absolutely everyone should read.
And the ancients,
the philosophers of old really have the human condition figured out and now more
than ever, it's time to help spread the knowledge. So you can give a gift of,
you know, luxurious items or whatever it it may be. And that's great.
But if you are desiring materialism and gifts in order to be happy,
it goes nowhere, but a bad direction. It never works out.
They've known this for thousands of years and just look at the richest,
most powerful people on this planet.
I don't know too many of 'em that appear to be too happy. I mean,
you might know people in your own life, you know, incredibly successful,
great jobs, lots of money, lots of luxurious items,
but how many of them are truly happy?
How many of them are drunk or cheating on their spouse or doing whatever and
just clearly focused on attaining something that well you're is never gonna get
through materialism. So anyways guys, this is,
I would argue is the best gift you could ever give anyone.
So I'll just wrap it up there. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
I can subscribe and I'll put a link in the description for the one that I
bought, uh, on Amazon they'll be in there and it was edited,
edited by a Sam to road. But, uh,
you can download this for free on the internet, different places apparently.
And there's a lot of different versions. So get whichever one's right for you,
but I'll leave it at that take care of everybody.